Documentation/DAILYLOG.md, before:

DAILY PROGRESS LOG:

11/17/2024:
- Commission agent started having formatting issue again. I have no idea why it keeps popping up even when though I had fixed it a week ago.
- I ended up removing the following sub-bullets from my commission_prompt, step 5 "Provide Result and Explanation":
    - Please provide the response without using LaTex.
    - Format any calculations and equations in simple plain text or markdown
    - Do not use LaTex for formatting


11/16/2024:
- Created the initial file bookappt.py
- Completed basic Google Calendar integration to get 10 upcoming events and create a dummy event (hard coded)
- Ran using "streamlit run src/bookappt.py", working well
- The only issue is that Access token expires in 3600 sec. You will be required to refresh the access token and put the new token in secrets.toml
- This is the URL for oauthplayground: https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground/?code=4/0AeanS0auqT_S6ohMIHXcBb6oHRh1lXEZIy68E4sCZneBEjdXk6NbeLzCIKvonsUxHJxh0A&scope=https://www.googleapis.com/auth/calendar.events


11/7/2024:
- Updated the prompt for commission agent. Working well with no formatting issues.
- The current prompt calculates the commission using BCR and does not take into account current quota attainment
- If the user provides that additional input then it performs the calculations correctly
- This is something I need to think about whether I'd like the assistant to ask for this information or just clarify that these calculations do not take into account any acceleration.

11/6/2024:
- Fixed the formatting issue for commission agent responses. This required a tricky solution because chat history was not formatting correctly.

11/2/2024:
- Finalized the code for contest_agent. The agent workflow is working well.

11/1/24: 
- I updated the prompt for "plan_explainer_agent.py". 
- Updated the Apachee license info.
- Added feedback_collector_agent to graph.py

10/31/24: 
- I worked on "feedback_collector_agent.py". 
- I've updated the code in this file. 
- I also worked on writing a detailed prompt. I used ChatGPT to refine my prompt. I think I should try to optimize all prompts for other sub-agents as well. However, I think I should do that carefully and do some sort of A/B testing to optimize the prompts.

Commit message:

Added comments in contest_agent.py for the new code

Documentation/DAILYLOG.md, after:

DAILY PROGRESS LOG:

11/30/2024:
- Integrated appointment booking into contest agent.
- Added functions to get available slots and send confirmation message once the user picks a slot.
- We have not completed sending the meeting invite yet.

11/28/2024:
- Created a book_appointment.py and test.py and added client_secret.json. I got help from Cursor and appointment booking is working correctly.

11/17/2024:
- Commission agent started having formatting issue again. I have no idea why it keeps popping up even when though I had fixed it a week ago.
- I ended up removing the following sub-bullets from my commission_prompt, step 5 "Provide Result and Explanation":
    - Please provide the response without using LaTex.
    - Format any calculations and equations in simple plain text or markdown
    - Do not use LaTex for formatting


11/16/2024:
- Created the initial file bookappt.py
- Completed basic Google Calendar integration to get 10 upcoming events and create a dummy event (hard coded)
- Ran using "streamlit run src/bookappt.py", working well
- The only issue is that Access token expires in 3600 sec. You will be required to refresh the access token and put the new token in secrets.toml
- This is the URL for oauthplayground: https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground/?code=4/0AeanS0auqT_S6ohMIHXcBb6oHRh1lXEZIy68E4sCZneBEjdXk6NbeLzCIKvonsUxHJxh0A&scope=https://www.googleapis.com/auth/calendar.events


11/7/2024:
- Updated the prompt for commission agent. Working well with no formatting issues.
- The current prompt calculates the commission using BCR and does not take into account current quota attainment
- If the user provides that additional input then it performs the calculations correctly
- This is something I need to think about whether I'd like the assistant to ask for this information or just clarify that these calculations do not take into account any acceleration.

11/6/2024:
- Fixed the formatting issue for commission agent responses. This required a tricky solution because chat history was not formatting correctly.

11/2/2024:
- Finalized the code for contest_agent. The agent workflow is working well.

11/1/24: 
- I updated the prompt for "plan_explainer_agent.py". 
- Updated the Apachee license info.
- Added feedback_collector_agent to graph.py

10/31/24: 
- I worked on "feedback_collector_agent.py". 
- I've updated the code in this file. 
- I also worked on writing a detailed prompt. I used ChatGPT to refine my prompt. I think I should try to optimize all prompts for other sub-agents as well. However, I think I should do that carefully and do some sort of A/B testing to optimize the prompts.
